The story of One Piece takes place in a fictional world dominated by the oceans, where some pirates yearn for an era of freedom and adventure known as the "Golden Age of Piracy. This era was ushered in with the last words spoken by the king of pirates, Gol D. Roger, nicknamed Gold Roger before his execution. Roger announced to the world that its inhabitants were free to seek out all the riches he had accumulated during his lifetime, the "One Piece."

Twenty-two years after Roger's execution, interest in the One Piece is waning. Many have given up on it, some even wonder if it really exists. While pirates are still a threat to the inhabitants, the Navy has become more effective in countering their attacks on the four seas: East Blue, North Blue, West Blue and South Blue. Yet this change has not deterred Monkey D. Luffy, a young boy, from wanting to become the successor to the legendary Roger. So he sets out on an adventure with the primary goal of creating a crew to reach the Grand Line Sea, where the "Great Wave of Piracy" fever continues to rage, and where many of the biggest names in piracy are in pursuit of the One Piece, supposedly on the last island of the Grand Line, Laugh Tale (Oda's intended spelling).

Luffy goes on an adventure after meeting Shanks the Red, the captain of a pirate ship who spent a year in his village and saved him from a sea monster by sacrificing his left arm. Since then, Luffy wears his straw hat that he gave him to mark the promise of becoming a great pirate. This hat will become the symbol of his crew. It is at this time that he eats a demon fruit that Shanks had: the Gum Gum fruit, which makes his body elastic. Once eaten, the demon fruit gives special abilities to its holder, who also loses all his strength when he is immersed in sea water, it's a curse. Luffy and his crew will make many encounters that will strengthen their friendship and expand their crew. But they will have to confront pirate crews advocating violence and power, as well as the Navy and its soldiers, guarantors of justice.


(Wikipedia)